Modify rule S6045: Cover heterogenous lookup for unordered containers in C++20 (#384)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6045/cfamily/rule.adoc

Invoking a lookup function (such as ``++find++``, ``++count++``, or ``++lower_bound++``) with a non-``++std::string++`` argument, i.e., a raw C-string literal (``++s.find("Nemo")++``), or a temporary ``++std::string++`` created of an ``++std::string_view++``, on a container of ``++std::string++`` with non-transparent comparator, leads to a temporary ``++std::string++`` object, because the lookup function will support only an argument of the ``++key_type++``.

> {cpp}20 extended support for heterogeneous lookup to unordered associative containers: ``++std::unordered_set++``, ``++std::unordered_multiset++``, ``++std::unordered_map++``, and ``++std::unordered_multimap++``, 
> that provide additional overloads, are enabled if used equality functor and the hasher are both transparent. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{cpp}20 extends support for heterogeneous lookup to unordered associative containers (``++std::unordered_set++``, ``++std::unordered_multiset++``, ``++std::unordered_map++``, and ``++std::unordered_multimap++``) that provide additional overloads when the equality functor and the hasher are both transparent. 
```

> The standard provides transparent equality functor in form ``++std::equal_to<>++``, however there is no corresponding transparent hasher object, and one needs to be defined in program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The standard provides transparent equality functors in the form ``++std::equal_to<>++``. However, there is no standard transparent hasher object and one needs to be defined in the program.
```

> For ``++std::string++`` such hasher may be provided by converting each supplied object to `++std::string_view++` and hashing it using ``++std::hash<std::string_view>++``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For ``++std::string++`` such hasher may be provided by converting each supplied object to ``++std::string_view++`` and hashing it using ``++std::hash<std::string_view>++``:
```
For consistency, although I'm not sure it's necessary, although Loïc suggested in another review I use
```
`std::string_view`
```
. But please bear in mind I'm not really familiar with adoc and I could be wrong. :-)

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
----
```

struct StringHash {
  using is_transparent = void; // enables heterogeneous lookup

  std::size_t operator()(std::string_view sv) const {
    std::hash<std::string_view> hasher;
    return hasher(sv);
  }
};

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
----
```

Always prefer using a transparent comparator with associative "std::string" containers to avoid creating the temporary. Note that transparent comparators are strongly discouraged if used with types that are not directly comparable as it will lead to the creation of ``++O(log(container.size())))++`` temporaries with lookup functions such as ``++find++``, ``++count++``, and ``++lower_bound++``.

> This rule will detect ``++std::set++``, ``++std::multiset++``, ``++std::map++``, ``++std::multimap++``, and since {cpp}20 ``++std::unordered_set++``, ``++std::unordered_multiset++``, ``++std::unordered_map++``, and ``++std::unordered_multimap++`  types, that uses `++std::string` as key and do not enable heterogeneous lookup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule will detect ``++std::set++``, ``++std::multiset++``, ``++std::map++``, ``++std::multimap++``, and since {cpp}20 ``++std::unordered_set++``, ``++std::unordered_multiset++``, ``++std::unordered_map++``, and ``++std::unordered_multimap++``  types, that use ``++std::string++`` as key and do not enable heterogeneous lookup.
```

  std::string_view n{"Nemo"};
  m.find(n); // No need to create the std::string 
}

struct StringHash {
  using is_transparent = void; // enables heterogenous lookup

  std::size_t operator()(std::string_view sv) const {
    std::hash<std::string_view> hasher;
    return hasher(sv);
  }
};

void g() {
  // std::equal_to<> and StringHash are both transparent

>   std::unordered_set<std::string, StringHash, std::equal_to<>> m = { "Dory", "Marlin", "Nemo", "Emo"}; // Noncompliant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  std::unordered_set<std::string, StringHash, std::equal_to<>> m = { "Dory", "Marlin", "Nemo", "Emo"}; // Compliant
```

  m.find("Nemo"); // std::string_view is created out of raw C-string literal
  std::string_view n{"Nemo"};

>   m.find(n); // No need to create the std::string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  m.find(n); // No need to create a std::string
```
